almost heading back to the dressing room
she's got to if anyone come out and let
go and say this is it this is a good om
gone girl give it a bit of wailing
I wish I'd kept my mouth shut well I
think it was exciting research I've been
kid the wardrobe department ass for that
job you have to win I need to just
embrace the old situation calm out there
show yourself
make a fool of himself but okay
I can't I'm sure that's what I'm sure he
was totally you or he was trying
ingesting
sherry I thought came out for me and
delivered yet again or three in a row I
think you can add some element but they
show not there in the musical phrase you
can't have a big
pick cargo cargo then toggle in
town
listen if he dances like that for the
rest of the season I know I'd be very
happy I'm sure his wife's gonna be
ecstatic Fowler
that's my home
you